Now to filter out places by IED.
We need to find out which I.D. is encoded in the EU URL.
And for that we can use a tool react router Dom offers to us we import it from react router Dom and
there we have a hook.
They use parents hook which we can use and functional components like all hooks.
They're only usable in functional components but since I only work with functional components in his
app we can use them in every component.
Now you as parents is simply executed as a function and it gives us access to the parameters as it's
called.
So the dynamic segments react router is aware of dynamic segments R.D. things you add in code with a
colon in your root configuration.
So in this case we can get the user idea and you as parents will return an object which has your dynamic
segments you set up in their old config as properties.
So for the user places component there will be an object with a user I.D. property which then in turn
holds the concrete value that's entered into you are L as a value so here I can access user I.D. and
stored it in let's say the user I.D. constant.
This gives us access to the user I.D. that's encoded in the U are L.
And with that we can get our places we could call it loaded places here by using our dummy places and
then we can use the built in filter method to run a filter on every element in dummy places and have
a look at every element and only keep it in the newly returned array filter will return a new array.
If the creator of that place we're looking at is equal to user I.D. and then we want to forward load
it places year to place list as a consequence if I reload.
We not only see one place here if I visit you free eyes you know places because we have no place for
a user you free.
And for a YouTube I also see one place.
So this works and we are now filtering this successfully.
Now why don't you work on the map next.
However before we do so let's make sure the buttons look a bit more pretty.